# Newspaper’s Seller Problem

 One of the well-known problems of the inventory systems’
simulation is the classical newspaper seller problem.

 In this problem, the newspaper seller buys a number of
newspapers on a certain day with a certain cost and plans to sell
all of them with a certain profit on the same day. However, it
always happens that some newspaper is to remain at the end of
the day without being sold. As a result, the newspaper sells them
as SCRAP with a notable loss.

 Usually, the newspaper seller buys the newspaper in form of
packages or bundles of 10 and 20.

 In addition, the newspaper needs to estimate the newspapers
requested from the customers he deals with in some areas. This
amount that would have been sold and the seller missed them is
told is named by the economic people which named “Lost Profit”.
The lost profit is to be subtracted from the profile calculated.
 On the other side, the news’ nature could be different every day
which could be good, fair, or poor. This news’ nature affects the
demand, then the selling, and also the request bundles. This is
could be known from a certain probability distribution in a known
city.

 Finally, the demand changes according to the news nature which
is poor, fair, and good. In other terms, the demanding quality
depends on the news itself not only on the seller optimization
skills!

“THE HUGE ISSUE IS TO FIND HOW MANY NEWSPAPERS TO BUY TO
REACH THE LEAST LOST PROFIT COVERING ALL DEMAND WITH NO SCRAP!”

Run Output: 

No. Of News paper For 50 

![image](https://github.com/omara2001/News-paper-Problem/assets/66154169/95b1c9b1-1285-4208-81f6-8f9d4816450e)

No. Of News paper For 60

![image](https://github.com/omara2001/News-paper-Problem/assets/66154169/c6a4708a-d405-4394-9765-62cc0e067013)

No. Of News paper For 70

![image](https://github.com/omara2001/News-paper-Problem/assets/66154169/524a3453-cf49-4adb-8aa9-6be4d46424ad)
